Hello and welcome back to Angular 2 essential
training.
In this section we’ll discuss pipes.
Pipes allow us to transform or format our
data.
In this way we can take data given to us by
an API or database and make it more appropriate
for our needs inside of our application.
Angular provides us with a number of built-in
pipes that we can easily use within our HTML
templates.
We do so by adding in a pipe character and
then the name of the built-in pipe.
We can also create custom pipes to perform
a specific kind of data transformation.
When we use custom pipes in our app we use
the pipe character followed by the name of
our custom pipe.